Docs: update 'mac' to suggest user using quotation mark (#367)
linux-system-roles/network: README.md

The `mac` address is optional and restricts the profile to be usable only on
devices with the given MAC address. `mac` is only allowed for `type`
`ethernet` or `infiniband` to match a non-virtual device with the

> profile. The value of `mac` address is string and should use with quotation mark.

Reviewer: Please add more context for the reader to understand the problem (that yaml might parse it as a float in sexagesimal notation) and/or link to a good external resource that explains this - there might be something on the Ansible website or the yaml spec.

Reviewer 2: also update `ArgValidatorMac` to reject values of type integer!

Reviewer 2: I guess, that already happens... so just make sure that the error message is sensible.

Author: updated

The `mac` address is optional and restricts the profile to be usable only on
devices with the given MAC address. `mac` is only allowed for `type`
`ethernet` or `infiniband` to match a non-virtual device with the

> profile. The value of `mac` address is string and should use with quotation mark.
> Because `mac` address value is separated by colon, if not quoted, YAML may parse it as
> a integer in sexagesimal(base 60) form. (For more details, check https://yaml.org/spec/1.1/#id858600)

Reviewer: Thank you. There are a few grammar errors in the string and I realized that the description does not really tell that the address needs to use colons (sometimes hyphens are used, too). Here is a suggestion:

```suggestion
profile. The value of the `mac` address needs to be specified in hexadecimal notation using colons (for example: `mac: "00:00:5e:00:53:5d"`). To avoid YAML parsing mac addresses as integers in sexagesimal (base 60) notation (see https://yaml.org/spec/1.1/#id858600), it is recommended to always quote the value with double quotes and sometimes it is necessary.
```

Author: updated
